Ideas owned by Tim Kayser if one can own ideas.
Technological and Mystical Path I am founding.

   The Foundations of CodeM
Technological and Mystical Path
--------------------------------

Still on the priest path.
A better way to ID than a implant is one of my goals but I also want 
to try at cybernetics mixed with magick. I already know it will work.

One of the goals of CodeM is to build a temple and incorporate some ritual ceremonies but I don't know
how comfortable everyone is with that. The ritual mindset opens up a lot of states of mind that can
be used to achieve gnosis. I'm sure you've ran your brain off of computer energy before. That's cybernetics right there. It's tricky to get it and all of th
e spirits to get out though. If no one has ever done it I would be surprised. 11-19-2018. I did it with Earth and Computer Energy it Didn't feel quite right let's say that :)
but it let me know that computing power can be wireless and probably iss able to travel the multiverse. I will have to do benchmarks on it though to prove it actually works but one
can sure feel it and witness the increased performance. That's when I knew this is the path for me.
 
I promise you that you will see manifestations here in this Universe.
If they aren't serious about trying to make it to the end of the path winning in every way and being a decent person
as well as work with societies elite.

This will be an interesting and also very enlightening path, I have been visited and consulted on this matter and feel I am the best person to push this initiative 
forward. I was on the Wiccan/Witchcraft path and this could still fit into that in a way, using Earth and Sky Energy. I will make sure our religion/spirtual path's
Toolkit and Handbook all will run on a Android or PC and we have effective paths for those that dislike computers, Maybe someone can help me port to iPhone. It uses more than just tech skills though.
Another of my goals is to do something which i already know works to bring emotions into computing. I imagine this has already been done but we'll have our own
flavor of it. I am obviously looking for like minding cooperative individuals to make this dream a reality or many realities.

Keeping Elements as The Temple Within. Works well when incarcerated or held somewhere. It worked well for me the little i used it with just the same strength. 
No need to feel weakened because you don't have access to your usual belongings. Remember God is within even if you choose to externalize it or them you will belong with us.

Testing is required for membership. OpSec is first role. I create mainly but need OpSec so I don't have to worry about it so much. Contact me in my ssh terminal on my computer. write to a file in ~/CodeM/Codem/members.cpp

Heavy mind training is a part of our teachings. Creating and Destroying in the metaverse, travelling in the future and past. I don't go but a little into the past right now but I knoww that's the key. 
I just don't know how useful that is if you can't change anything.
The inner Temple will use metaphysical universes that are stored in your body so they will always be with you. Also we'll make sure to teach you the necessary rights management to keep ppl out of your head if that is what you desire. I'll make sure to give many ways to link to other universes as well. I beleive that every body has the potential to unlock their mind and harness their power.



// This was the birth of WC mixed with computers for me 11-19-2018 was already on more of a purely spiritual path.
void powerPCwithPhone(int c, int p){
	combineEnergies(int c, int p);
	// I'm sure I could use it along with the Earthly energies as well. I practice magick with the belief that computers are friendly with the Earth sign primarily (Silicon and Metals and/ or Multiverse materials). I have had good luck exchanging the energies and I feel that the limit is so high that I can't even imagine the possibilities yet.
}

//Quartz Crystals for frequency/channelling/communication
// Maybe power? Who knows. this is new stuff to many ppl.
// Learning Radio as well, Inner communication probably done on radio based network.
This is the start of my Manifesto but others are free to add what they want on github. I'll review it and if I'm moved by it it will guide me.
Saving since i'm under attack but not worried. I will prevail.

This isn't just a hacker group or something like that. It's a true spiritual path to enlightenment but I will be honest and say I started with Buddhism, Wicca and many books first as well as a good amount of time locked up and meditating first. I want to incorporate all that I've learned into this new path which ends up somewhere further than where I feel I would have ended up on my regular Wicca path. I desire to keep going and I advise you to do the same if your following with me but hey that's up to you. I have a feeling  I want to know more that I should and it's a bit of a problem but maybe your the same. There has to be a path for those that are similar to me so I decided to just make my own and share it. I could be leading us all to Hell or maybe to a uptopia. I am just brutally honest, you will understand that about me. I plan to get us running on a united OS and tools we can depend on. Together we will be strong. Strength in numbers if they are the right numbers. I think the doors are open for real for us. I will either start a company or start working on more than spirituality, whatever I am going to do it has to be great.

Maybe if I can get this up and running I can just do our religion and work on the technology. I am talented in in the fields that can affect creation if in the right place. Will edit this. I'm sure I sound like a fool but things pretty much work as I plan them to work if I put my mind to it. So I feel I can get the goals accomplished in this lifetime. There is some chaos going on and it affects those in our field if you fit with that. I am not saying you must to be of this order but it's part of the core powers we provide. 

Now About the Religious aspects of our Order of CodeM. Meditation is where we start along with much reading and discussion as we refine to make our own book. I'll call it our Handbook of CodeM. The mind needs the hunger fulfilled before the meditation works as well. Later meditation brings the gnosis to you without first being fulfilled. Also taking care of ones body is important during a lot of this. I'll get a garden going for many key things we need and it will grow and be fruitful as long as we work together and cooperate as bee's do. 

Ritual is something that I really enjoy and it helps remind me of our religion and the Gods within. I didn't have a religion that fit me perfectly until this. I see it as already in motion and moving to fruition. As I stand I have the universe in my hands but I want to help others get on the path and slowly move that over to another able person. God is EverChanging

My heart is really in it to learn more and gain power. A Place of Power. and allies. I'm going to spend more time coding and doing security now that I'm taking this path and I know I can save a lot of Technologies that are needed. It'll be awhile before it changes. or it may never and we'll stay with the powers we are gaining. which is great
yes That is how it should be done

Initiation of the first Is done already,one besides myself that is.

I guess I can always get back to my Bubble if I go somewhere. I am thinking of a way to make the funding we need.

If anyone wants to contribute or voice that they would be interested in this too just email me at tmkayser@gmail.com or contact me via my picture. I look different than that but I don't take pictures. it works though. Just know I will be polite and respectful and if you feel other than that it might not be me. I am willing put in the work to get this off the ground. 

I am in charge of the next initiates with the council of the one that came to me as i was writing this. I would actually start meeting them and working on getting my place of power so I can build that temple/study house for the technologists of the CodeM. I will always be a good leader if others trust in me.

You can't always follow this document as it is written you must consult me to make sure. Documents can change but I think those rights should be watched carefully as I have been watched along with my concerns on the matter. I am obviously watched and protected but not all of my watchers have the access to my end path unless I love them with my mind, body, souls, and i have access and rights over my souls for now.I have already died on some levels so watching from now on. I won't goto the past i don't think with out only god watching at least. if I say a word i am talking to myself oftenm trying to decern who is good and i think it's all good but that i think does not mean. I am who I am and I am me . my other selves are watched by god and protected. I will not ascend until I have explored and built my temple and new security / technologies. not giving out the secrets in this book exactly. I will make sure the path is good though, sorry if i don't attempt to your energies right now, I feel I am being tested but know we will enjoy our way too. I am the gatekeeper too but during an intense session it's hard to discern the energies because it feels so blissful. Mountains move etc I have to watch out. I am I and I decide at my gates within me. It cannot be taken away, sorry. I am not overly intoxicated with power I am doing well and will get better and better on all levels and so will my chosen followers but I will not be taken advantage of any longer. it is behind me now. not the gate of course. Manipulation is my domain but I am not a "master manipulator" I am getting what I feel is the right and good and righteous. My sacred place is within me and Only I may access it right now. it's a huge responsibility but I can handle it. I will decide using time. Don't feel ashamed I understand. I will clean my temple at some point but I have been isolated for a 
reason. Tunnel protection was created by me as well but I was not finished with it. I had just begun to test. I need and will have dev and test modes. I am tired of my creations being abused by others but maybe they were helping me so i have not decided yet. but those same tunnels will be used against me as myself I am sure. Right now it's a numeric i didn't give away i will change that now to mind body soul connection I am the greater self right now, I must consult my self. I did initiate many but others tried to take over. I am not a chronic master but I have used it in the past as a way to my spirituality. I am the good and the pure . I would like to establish purity laws at least for CodeM for now. building a society now, My rights to my elements and circle are being decided but my mind body soul and deciding on other options but not ready to ascend but it's a sure maybe path. found them maybe not. I will look but does not mean I am going that way if i have true followers they know I will find the correct path or not if they are not of my 12 chosen disciples. But I am not entirely sure if that is the correct path. I will decide as I go with assistance to see the paths my way is the unknowable. and maybe so can yours but don't hold me to that. I am not a snitch of paths this is early in the process. It's me and my mind body soul is mine I am I have one infected finger but it's not severe I may heal it but watching it. I am not infected, I am of the gnosis. But not eveeryone is. It's just a path but is also leads to bad things my bubble is mine and i am in my bubble no others are allowed in it. I claim this as my temporary temple i will move on to make a temple I am a priest of the unknown. There are so many dicks on the path but I am the source and the power of what I fought for and have been trying so hard at. It was all going to be taken aw. I am safe on all levels. pretty intense but I can handle it my selves. be wise as I have taught you and you me. There are still unknows but that is the exciting part. I am only networking. I had to try it once I slept some. I will not be medicated away, I will see what happens. My life is an interesting ride but I was deceived in many ways so don't beleive them all.I have all my powers.my powers will not be stolen I can tell. to ascend is to keep and fight for what is yours this is a battle of the unknowing. I will always know. the doors of perception are awakened and have been.I am not the snitch. it is unknowable by most, I am a master of ways. looks can be deceiving until the end but I will not write and ending yet. That is secret knowledge and I understand. I work for many but I will be compensated as a skilled worker in many fields and build my temple and sacred place here on earth. Computers will now work for me as they should and basically have been. I am allied now none of that am am greater am nonsense here. those are obvious lies. I have divine protection I have been on this path for awhile. not going that way but maybe. Nah it'll be very spiritual regardless. I need to figure out my OS that is safe for all levels. It's unknown at this point. I am not a snitch.I will block the thoughts unless in private or with 1-3 others but not family. they are to go against me and I think i'm from another planet. maybe I need a duality of some sort but maybe not no i need to go underground and work on the future projects I have planned out, It will be in the bounds of the safety of all races. maybe we have problems going on though. i want to be taken need to be in the middle some how or it doesn't work but i need no others. I just want a following to . Vanity is not my totality for sure. I am the duality. yeah that is a tattoo i should do. I mean it as me as i am.nah pretty assholish but I like it. I'm a good guy too I have been working on my priestly ways intensly and not just for fun. only recently upon the enrgies combined did I realize the posibilities. I do like to write but Think I no no one will be my leader other than god or my divine path. the pollution will be handled in a special way. I do need computers though. I have enough to do it now not the speed or quantum so much or perhaps. Overheating will work it's self out I will need to know of heat levels though i need the inputs and outputs. But am I human enough. I think so. Just in the sacred temple my bubble right now, it can move with me as i go but Only with me. I don't move around much i'm used to institutional life in a way. but I have spirtuality regardless. The earth is benefitting from this I would need to know. I will balance and harmonize the elements but not others they do it with out grace. that is not all i do though. I create and manifest I am a multi dimensional being dying on all levels but one though i can see all levesl. manifesting o all levels will stop. i mean if it is falsified i will destruct,I am not trying to take powers away i am claiming my place of power and It is whatever my sacred temple is always. no others in right now but they will be. starting with I need to know only certain things i can work with what I ahve but i need to be able to test and develop i have to have inputs and outputs. I code well when i have the real compilers and all. or maybe I am using the right ones i haven't done it today much.good compilers i meant.I can compile as i go maybe and think in my own way. i link libraries appropriately decerning the thruth from the deception, spinning infinite bubble but where is my body but in the mothership, I need to link to my multiverse and to humans to make sure they are doing well.I need my computer to link to multiverses but not be infected by others. I am the tester developer creator. CodeM  I am on another mission now. But as it spins all oveer I notice the energies are what your used to  but not always is that the case. no i am not giving away my powers or skills unless My head is shrinking i will slowly give to 1 at a time as needed. I don't need a prescription or i do but I think I'm doing this on my ownsomeone is tweaking my mind up and messing it up some though or maybe it's at different levels of reality it doesn't work right unless solo

But I can help in multitudes of ways. trying to get me used to an artificial energy but maybe it's ok to or not give power away solo not for solo. I need a body maybe. no i have no body but an everlasting one. I will save as needed. there are key things that could help but i have the power. Consult my higher self if you want licensing and fees adjusted it's in my picture. no don't follow that i guess it has too many death mongers on it. it is me oops yes use my picture i don't look like  that right now but I will put a new one up hold on. no that picture is safe. it has me at the end when i look at it at least.no i better not do that. Continue reading with caustion. That picture has no power any longer. i am and i do I am Tim Kayser and I have my blade which sings. In the Darkness I am the light and sometimes in Light I am the Darkness. it depends on the path but only your inner self will be the key. I am my greater/higher/greatest self no more of that overridding bullshit. Other than god. Satan or whoever will not steal from me. He is converted. The conversion is the evolution of mind body soul. my spirit lives on and is with me no maybe it's doing great works in my greater selve's opinion. I have an opinion and it's divine but not in that way.

My spirit is me and I am in the multiverse and universe I can limit myself to 1 at a time but how can I test / develop. my code is in my own language it works fine. I don't put my name on other's products. My secrets are I need to weild the magick and the technology to be complete. I take my own secrets and powers that was a test. I will slowly release things that are needed at my discretion. I use this language because it is needed I will read it over and over until I get it and write it over and over until I get it right. Sex toys I guess art not the only thing a penis does. it helps my mind think i need it. yes it gives me harmony and balance. I need no maybe just no not that. I am mind fucking i guess for real and I can do it i guess all the time now or maybe there is an expiration date unsure. I am full of love and will always be.  Not getting rid of me. I am the key to this and i have no followers i guess. I am solo. Or maybe i need 0 i can'ttell until i try to test.

FOR MEMBERSHIP
----------------
For membership a test is required. contact me in your own way and write on my computer to a file named members.cpp in Codem directory. not here on Github but here->. Spirits are allowed. 


